terraform/modules/cyndra/README.md, before:

# AWS cyndra module
This module contains all the resources needed to deploy cyndra on AWS. The basic architecture is to create:
1. A single EC2 instance to run cyndra and PostgresDB
1. Two Route53 zones - one for the cyndra api; another to reach user services hosted by cyndra (called the proxy)
1. Three Load Balancers - one for the api, proxy, and PostgresDB respectively

## Usage guide
The following terraform can be used as a starting point for using this module:

```tf
module "cyndra" {
  source = "github.com/cyndra-hq/cyndra/terraform/modules/cyndra"

  api_fqdn             = "api.test.cyndra.rs"
  proxy_fqdn           = "test.cyndraapp.rs"
  postgres_password    = "password"
  cyndra_admin_secret = "12345"
}

output "api_name_servers" {
  value = module.cyndra.api_name_servers
}

output "user_name_servers" {
  value = module.cyndra.user_name_servers
}

output "initial_user_key" {
  value       = module.cyndra.initial_user_key
  description = "Key given to the initial cyndra user"
}
```

The cyndra api will be reachable at `api_fqdn` while hosted services will be subdomains of `proxy_fqdn`. The `postgres_password` sets the root password for Postgres and `cyndra_admin_secret` will be the secret needed to add more user keys to cyndra by an admin user. Cyndra does create the first user key though. This key is stored in the `initial_user_key` output variable.

Just running `terraform apply` for the first time will fail since SSl certificates will be created for the api and proxy domains which will be verified. This verification will fail since it uses DNS that will be missing on first setup. So for first setups rather run the following:

``` sh
terraform apply --target module.cyndra.aws_route53_zone.user --target module.cyndra.aws_route53_zone.api
```

This command will create just the DNS zones needed for the api and proxy. Now use the `api_name_servers` and `user_name_servers` outputs from this module to manually add NS records for `api_fqdn` and `proxy_fqdn` in your DNS provider respectively.

Once these records have propagated, a `terraform apply` command will succeed.

Commit message:

refactor: TF updates (#183)
* bug: fix module path

* bug: default to arm architecture

* bug: instance type

* bug: missing DNS for pg

* docs: update module with instructions to whitelist PG connections

terraform/modules/cyndra/README.md, after:

# AWS cyndra module
This module contains all the resources needed to deploy cyndra on AWS. The basic architecture is to create:
1. A single EC2 instance to run cyndra and PostgresDB
1. Two Route53 zones - one for the cyndra api; another to reach user services hosted by cyndra (called the proxy)
1. Three Load Balancers - one for the api, proxy, and PostgresDB respectively

## Usage guide
The following terraform can be used as a starting point for using this module:

```tf
module "cyndra" {
  source = "github.com/cyndra-hq/cyndra/terraform/modules/cyndra"

  api_fqdn             = "api.test.cyndra.rs"
  pg_fqdn              = "pg.test.cyndra.rs"
  proxy_fqdn           = "test.cyndraapp.rs"
  postgres_password    = "password"
  cyndra_admin_secret = "12345"
}

output "api_name_servers" {
  value = module.cyndra.api_name_servers
}

output "pg_name_servers" {
  value = module.cyndra.pg_name_servers
}

output "user_name_servers" {
  value = module.cyndra.user_name_servers
}

output "initial_user_key" {
  value       = module.cyndra.initial_user_key
  description = "Key given to the initial cyndra user"
}
```

The cyndra api will be reachable at `api_fqdn` while hosted services will be subdomains of `proxy_fqdn`. The `postgres_password` sets the root password for Postgres and `cyndra_admin_secret` will be the secret needed to add more user keys to cyndra by an admin user. Cyndra does create the first user key though. This key is stored in the `initial_user_key` output variable.

Just running `terraform apply` for the first time will fail since SSl certificates will be created for the api and proxy domains which will be verified. This verification will fail since it uses DNS that will be missing on first setup. So for first setups rather run the following:

``` sh
terraform apply --target module.cyndra.aws_route53_zone.user --target module.cyndra.aws_route53_zone.api --target module.cyndra.aws_route53_zone.pg
```

This command will create just the DNS zones needed for the api and proxy. Now use the `api_name_servers`, `pg_name_servers` and `user_name_servers` outputs from this module to manually add NS records for `api_fqdn`, `pg_fqdn` and `proxy_fqdn` in your DNS provider respectively.

Once these records have propagated, a `terraform apply` command will succeed.

## Allowing outside connections to the shared PostgresDB instance
Currently, the shared DB is started within a Docker container with a default configuration. This configuration does not allow external connections. Therefore you will need to manually whitelist external IP addresses which should be allowed to connect to the instance.

First login to the VM instance, then edit the file at `/opt/cyndra/conf/postgres/pg_hba.conf` by adding a line similar to the following.

```
host    all             all             0.0.0.0/0               md5
```

The `0.0.0.0/0` address can be replaced with a more target IP subset.

Finally, restart the cyndra service using

``` sh
sudo systemctl status cyndra-backend.service
```
